refactor: move input note upsert (#2222)
0xMiden/miden-client: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixes

> * Refactored `Client::execute_transaction` to no longer persist the request's input notes ([#2221](https://github.com/0xMiden/miden-client/issues/2221)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Refactored `Client::execute_transaction` to no longer persist the request's input notes ([#2222](https://github.com/0xMiden/miden-client/pull/2222)).
```

> * [FIX][rust] `Client::execute_transaction` no longer writes to the store before execution: the request's input notes and output note scripts are persisted only after the transaction executes successfully and is applied, so a failed execution leaves the store unchanged ([#2221](https://github.com/0xMiden/miden-client/issues/2221)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [FIX][rust] `Client::execute_transaction` no longer writes to the store before execution: the request's input notes and output note scripts are persisted only after the transaction executes successfully and is applied, so a failed execution leaves the store unchanged ([#2222](https://github.com/0xMiden/miden-client/pull/2222)).
```
